README.md, before:

<strong> **DO NOT DISTRIBUTE OR PUBLICLY POST SOLUTIONS TO THESE LABS. MAKE ALL FORKS OF THIS REPOSITORY WITH SOLUTION CODE PRIVATE. PLEASE REFER TO THE STUDENT CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICAL EXPECTATIONS FOR COLLEGE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDENTS FOR SPECIFICS. ** </strong>

# WESTERN GOVERNOR UNIVERSITY 
## D308 – MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT (ANDROID)
Welcome to Mobile Application Development (Android)! This is an opportunity for students to create page layouts with clean navigation, design mobile application infrastructure and user interfaces, develop secure database-backed mobile applications in an object-oriented language, document solutions for application requirements with storyboards and emulators, articulate challenges in the development process, and describe alternatives methods in overcoming mobile application development problems. 

FOR SPECIFIC TASK INSTRUCTIONS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THIS ASSESSMENT, PLEASE REFER TO THE COURSE PAGE.
## BASIC INSTRUCTIONS
For this assessment, you have an opportunity to test your competency as a mobile application developer. Your understanding of mobile application structure and design will help you to develop applications to meet customer requirements. This task will allow you to demonstrate your ability to apply the skills learned in the course.

## SUPPLEMENTAL RESOURCES 
1.	How to clone a project to IntelliJ using Git?

> Ensure that you have Git installed on your system and that IntelliJ is installed using [Toolbox](https://www.jetbrains.com/toolbox-app/). Make sure that you are using version 2022.3.2. Once this has been confirmed, click the clone button and use the 'IntelliJ IDEA (HTTPS)' button. This will open IntelliJ with a prompt to clone the proejct. Save it in a safe location for the directory and press clone. IntelliJ will prompt you for your credentials. Enter in your WGU Credentials and the project will be cloned onto your local machine. 

2. How to create a branch and start Development?

- GitLab method
> Press the '+' button located near your branch name. In the dropdown list, press the 'New branch' button. This will allow you to create a name for your branch. Once the branch has been named, you can select 'Create Branch' to push the branch to your repository.

- IntelliJ method
> In IntelliJ, Go to the 'Git' button on the top toolbar. Select the new branch option and create a name for the branch. Make sure checkout branch is selected and press create. You can now add a commit message and push the new branch to the local repo.

## SUPPORT
If you need additional support, please navigate to the course page and reach out to your course instructor.
## FUTURE USE
Take this opportunity to create or add to a simple resume portfolio to highlight and showcase your work for future use in career search, experience, and education!

Commit message:

Updated language to reflect Android Studio

README.md, after:

<strong> **DO NOT DISTRIBUTE OR PUBLICLY POST SOLUTIONS TO THESE LABS. MAKE ALL FORKS OF THIS REPOSITORY WITH SOLUTION CODE PRIVATE. PLEASE REFER TO THE STUDENT CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICAL EXPECTATIONS FOR COLLEGE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDENTS FOR SPECIFICS. ** </strong>

# WESTERN GOVERNOR UNIVERSITY 
## D308 – MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT (ANDROID)
Welcome to Mobile Application Development (Android)! This is an opportunity for students to create page layouts with clean navigation, design mobile application infrastructure and user interfaces, develop secure database-backed mobile applications in an object-oriented language, document solutions for application requirements with storyboards and emulators, articulate challenges in the development process, and describe alternatives methods in overcoming mobile application development problems. 

FOR SPECIFIC TASK INSTRUCTIONS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THIS ASSESSMENT, PLEASE REFER TO THE COURSE PAGE.
## BASIC INSTRUCTIONS
For this assessment, you have an opportunity to test your competency as a mobile application developer. Your understanding of mobile application structure and design will help you to develop applications to meet customer requirements. This task will allow you to demonstrate your ability to apply the skills learned in the course.

## SUPPLEMENTAL RESOURCES 
1.	How to clone a project to Android Studio using Git?

> Ensure that Android Studio and Git are installed on your system.  New Project, Get from VCS button or the File/New/Project from Version Control. This will open a window  with a prompt to clone the project. Save it in a safe location for the directory and press clone. IntelliJ will prompt you for your credentials. Enter in your WGU Credentials and the project will be cloned onto your local machine.

2. How to create a branch and start Development?

- GitLab method
> Press the '+' button located near your branch name. In the dropdown list, press the 'New branch' button. This will allow you to create a name for your branch. Once the branch has been named, you can select 'Create Branch' to push the branch to your repository.

- Android Studio method
> In Android Studio, Go to the 'Git' button on the top toolbar. Select the new branch option and create a name for the branch. Make sure checkout branch is selected and press create. You can now add a commit message and push the new branch to the local repo.

## SUPPORT
If you need additional support, please navigate to the course page and reach out to your course instructor.
## FUTURE USE
Take this opportunity to create or add to a simple resume portfolio to highlight and showcase your work for future use in career search, experience, and education!
